Hey, Lee! Got another shipment?
You bet. The best candy mushrooms I know how to nurture.
Your supplies. Thanks again for the trade, Lee.
Sure you don't want to come with us? Meet some people, maybe?
Seems pretty lonely out here.
I don't mind being alone. I'm my own best friend.
Awesome. Sounds like new neighbors. It's been a while.
Welcome, friends. Welcome to the land of Lee!
That portal must have messed me up.
I'm seeing double. Triple. Stival?
Follow my lead, no matter how weird it gets.
Hi, everybody. I'm Lee. And who are those guys?
That's also me. I'm here. And here. And here.
I'm all over the place.
You're all clones?
Nope. Lee is just Lee.
I'm one person who happens to have more than one body.
I'm constantly multitasking.
But enough about Lee. Who are you?
Probably four separate individuals with your own ideas and dreams, am I right?
Yeah. We're ninja-
Min-compoops. For not introducing ourselves sooner.
I'm Doyle Domegar. And this is my little sister, um, Fyldwire.
Huh? Oh, yes! That is exactly my name. Fyldwire.
It is a normal name, and I was given it at birth, so I have had it my whole life.
Nice to meet you, Fyldwire.
Name Strong McCool Guy. This is my wife, whose name, uh, I've forgotten.
Sorry, he's kidding. My husband has an awful sense of humor. Just awful.
My name is Maya. Maya McCool Guy.
I love new people. Nice to meet you, Mrs. McCool Guy.
Mr. McCool Guy?
It's Count McCool Guy, actually.
Oh. Pardon me, your Count-ship.
Pardon granted.
But what happened to us? The last thing I remember, there was a big rip in the sky.
Then everything went dark and we woke up here.
Don't freak out, okay?
But the bad news is a while back, every single realm was suddenly destroyed.
In an event called The Merge.
That's no wonder-
Wow!
Total bummer to hear, Lee.
I know, right?
But don't you fret.
There's good news.
You all must have been pushed into what's called an interstitial space bubble.
It kept you safe.
Lots of non-lees have returned from space bubbles, so you'll have many people to hang out with
and will never, ever be lonely.
Uh, what people?
You don't mean...
Let me show you.
So, everyone lives in, what, an underground bunker of some kind?
Yeah.
The fun kind.
All this is down here?
Who knew?
I built it myself.
The hardest part was the mechanical sun.
On the surface, it can be pretty dreary.
But it's always sunny down here.
On the surface, it's always sunny down here.
Friends, an announcement.
The community of Lee has some new neighbors.
And you know what that means.
New neighbor for New Kansas!
Yeah!
Buckle up.
Perhaps you feel down in the dumps, all realms destroyed, you've hit a slump.
But cheer up.
One haven still has one.
A land where every moment's filled with fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun.
In the land of Lee, we got friends galore.
And no one's ever lonely or sad.
In the land of Lee, many caverns to explore.
Just tap and swipe and see on my fancy coffee bag.
I'll be back.
Slide into cavern five, where waters flow.
And race in cavern eight, on your mark, set go.
The thrills of cavern twelve, you can't resist.
Seventeen theme parks.
Can you handle this?
Your friends and family might reemerge.
From super spacey bubble powered by a cosmic surge.
But even air, they never do.
A jet pack race is waiting just for you.
Our fake sky gleams so bright.
Endless sunshine day and night.
Get your shades.
Mech dragon rides are free.
We have no money.
Fund's our only currency.
There's a bank.
Mail arrived before it's sent.
Oh, wrong.
Melody's so elegant.
Oh, lovely.
Every beat's a perfect night.
And don't forget our lyrics always.
A jet pack race is waiting just for you.
Our fake sky gleams so bright.
Happy day.
Endless sunshine day and night.
Get your shades.
Mech dragon rides are free.
We have no money.
Fund's our only currency.
There's a bank.
Mail arrived before it's sent.
Oh, wrong.
Melody's so elegant.
Oh, lovely.
Every beat's a perfect night.
Oh, wrong.
And don't forget our lyrics always, always, always.
Um, rhyme.
Rhyme.
In the land of Lee, all you want is free.
Stay and play in our ice cream hotels.
Rhyme.
Down in the land of Lee.
Playgrounds under the sea.
Hear this lead totally rock out on the bells.
The air outside will make you sick.
Threats are short, I report.
And the haze is crazy thick.
Why wander out when your friends are near?
Guess inside, bonafide stand-up comics bring the cheer.
Why is he doing this?
What's the deal with the merge?
Am I right?
Uh, cause his vibe is fierce.
No.
Why is Lee lying and saying the merge destroyed the realms and made the air toxic?
Guess he's just trying to keep these people here for some reason.
Time for the lake!
Dude!
This is my life!
Over here we go!
In the land of Lee, look around and see.
All your happiness can be found.
Happiness can be found.
Where did ya go?
Through way, way underground.
In the land of me, take a good look around
In the land of me, at my glorious town
Cause your heart will resound, with the happiest sound
Every joy will abound, when you fall underground
In the land of me
With me, and me, and me, and me
Cause me, me, and me, me, make me
Um, thanks for having us?
They loved it! The new neighbors loved it!
I knew they would!
You did tell us this place was weird
Ouch!
Ooh, I think someone could use a teacher
What about two teachers?
Good, your skills are improving, Ryu
Now try Spinjitzu
Remember, focus on your target
You got this, Frack
What? All this damage!
Apologies, Mr. Frohicke
We were just trying to train
As the official assistant keeper of the monastery
I insist you get out, so I can fix all this
But to train Frack, we need to
Find some place else to go!
Come on, guys
Let's go to the land of lost things
Plenty of room there
Plus, Geo's learning to bake
So, there might be some practice cakes laying around
Hmm, to not upset the bossy frogman
We must continue elsewhere
Yes, a junkyard might work
Can you lead us there?
Never thought I'd like a lava-less cave
But this one's not bad
The whole vibe weirds me out
I can't believe Lee just gave us this starter home
We can't all live in ancient monasteries
I mean, what's up with that anyway?
If it's a monastery, where are all the monks?
Are you the monks?
Welcome, new neighbors!
My arm's getting tired from waving at everyone who waves to us
Why are they so happy?
Does Lee have the mind controlled?
Nope
How do you know?
Back at the administration, we thought all this happiness was strange too
So we secretly scanned for unlicensed mind control tech
Nothing!
No magical manipulation
No spirit possession
Nothing strange being chemically added to the air, water, or food
So why is everyone like this?
As far as we can tell, everyone here is happy because they actually like it here
So the administration left Lee and the people down here alone
But the neighbors think they can't leave
Lee's happy little community is built on lies
The administration isn't a police force, they're a bureaucracy
Lying doesn't require a license or a permit, so they don't care
In fact, they lie too
Tons
Uh, let's focus on the mission
Aaron's mom and dad
If they've been told there's no world outside, that would explain why they never came looking for Aaron
Why don't we just ask Lee where they are?
He seems friendly enough
That idea wins the stupid award for stupidest idea ever to stupid
Okay, Count McCool Guy
If Lee figures out we're not who we say we are, he'll boot us right out
If we're gonna find Aaron's parents, Lee can't know about it
So, we act like good neighbors, split up and do some community events
Ask questions on the sly
Just call me Sly Fire
Better
Spenjutsu is half mental
Feel it in your body and your mind
Ryu, who did you say owned this junkyard?
Because they might not be too happy with us
Hi, uh, neighbors
I heard that the local book club meets here
Yeah, Peroni
Doyle, right?
Join what promises to be a lively discussion
Oh, thank you
My friends Jenny and Barry love to read
I wonder if they're members of the club
Please hold all other topics until later
Thank you so much
We're really jazzed to discuss this week's book now
Between you and Lee?
The official autobiography of Lee
Spoiler
It's really Lee-rific
Counterpoint
It's double Lee-rific
Hmm, you've convinced me
Let's discuss
So, my thoughts is that, you know, this book could use a little bit more Lee in this book
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Hello, neighbor
Welcome to the parpar-par-tay
What's your name?
I can't remember
Something dumb
Is it your birthday or something?
Oh, I wish. Lee gives everyone free shoulder rubs on their birthday.
So why the party?
It's for how great life is. Isn't life great? It's great.
Sure, sure. But you know who loves parties? That couple, Jenny and Barry. Seen them around?
Never heard of them, but they sound awesome. Why are you looking for them?
What? Who's looking for them? I'm just being sly in a way that doesn't draw attention to myself.
Oh, okay. Well, yeah. Well, in that case, I've got a question for you.
How low can you go?
Not even a challenge. Lower.
I said lower.
No one could go that low.
Hey, you! Not impressed with my moves?
What? Oh, no. It's not you. I can tell based on how you're acting. You're not like everyone else here.
What? I totally am. Wildfire is my real name. Dang it. I mean Filedwire. Filedwire.
Well, Filedwire. Something tells me you also think it's weird. Everyone's fine to just party on and accept what Lee's telling us. But, but...
It's okay. You're right. I've been thinking the same thing.
I might have proof that Lee's version of what happened with the merge is a big lie. Can you meet me later?
Lloyd, being the slyest clue finder ever, I got something.
About Aaron's parents?
Not really, but maybe. I found a neighbor who has some ideas about what's really going on down here. And he's ready to expose Lee's secrets.
This is where he said to meet.
Lee!
That's my name! Isn't it a delight to say. Just rolls off the tongue.
Uh, didn't know this was your house.
It's not. Just getting it ready for its next tenant.
What happened to the old tenant?
Move to Cavern 5.
Huge water slide fan.
Everyone's free to move around wherever they want.
I see. Well, we won't keep you.
The guy that lived here was gonna blow the whistle on Lee.
And Lee just made him disappear.
Lee needs the neighbors to not ask certain questions. But why?
Look!
Why are you snooping around here? Keep your voice down!
Lee has ears everywhere. You two are new, so you probably aren't working for him.
Who are you?
Who I am isn't important. What I am is a former journalist. I woke up in the land of Lee about a year ago, so I figured I'd set up my own community newspaper. At first, Lee was supportive. But once I started digging into his story, I found inconsistencies.
Go on.
What if the world wasn't really destroyed? How do we know it's not still out there?
I was supposed to get more info from the neighbor who lived here, but now he's gone missing.
The world is still there. We're ninja from the outside. We're undercover here to find two people.
I'll help you find your people if you'll help me tell everyone the truth about the outside. Deal?
Then follow me. There's something you need to see.
Hey! My junkyard!
Who did this?
Ryu. Who's this big jerk?
Junkyard owner Creel. I am Ryu's teacher, Master Rontu. My student and I are responsible for the condition of your yard.
Hmm. Well, I was hired to demolish all that junk. I just hadn't gotten around to it yet, cause it's hard work, and hard work's not my whole thing.
Well, this is perfect. Two reckless dragons doing all the wrecking.
I see.
In that case, we can demolish anything you need, as long as we can continue to train here.
Sure, works for me.
Hmm. Sometimes things are not as we expect them to be.
Let us resume.
Hmm.
Ah!
.
Neighborhood Tangle class!
So dumb!
Just keep your eye out for name tags saying Jenny or Barry.
Wow! You two don't need lessons! You're in perfect sync!
No, we're not!
I love Li... I love Li...
That's the guy I told you about!
Li's brainwashing him or something! We gotta get him out of here!
No!
You won't be doing that!
Gotcha, fakers!
Boy, howdy! You are some bad... bad neighbors!
What is this, Li?
Look, almost everyone in my land is a true, honest friend who is just happy to be here.
But every once in a while, some no-good beatnik gets a harebrained idea that your old pal Li isn't on the up-and-up!
Now, listen. Everything will make sense when you look at this flower.
Soon you'll forget all your uncharitable ideas about Li, and we'll be best friends once again.